README.md, before:

# Guitar Tab Writer

TODO Write this

## Controls

| Button              | Action                                         |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Left Click          | Select note                                    |
| Arrow Up            | Increase fret on selected note                 |
| Arrow Down          | Decrease fret on selected note                 |
| Arrow Left          | Set beat of selected note to previous          |
| Arrow Right         | Set beat of selected note to next              |
| Shift + Arrow Up    | Change string of selected note to above string |
| Shift + Arrow Down  | Change string of selected note to below string |
| Ctrl + Arrow Right  | Select next note                               |
| Ctrl + Arrow Left   | Select previous note                           |
| Enter               | Play selected note                             |
| Delete \| Backspace | Remove selected note (Not yet implemented)     |
| Ctrl+Z              | Undo last change (Not yet implemented)         |

Features
TODO Add the following features

- Re style
- Adjust sizing for mobile users

- Fix centering for pending notes/placing notes
- Add progress line that runs through the tab (hovers over the note that its playing)
- Add bends and slides (probably by using a library to adjust audio pitch and adjusting it over a period of time to create a bend effect, this would also make it so you only need one sound per instrument and can edit it in realtime to create any pitch)
- Add more instruments
- Change BPM at a particular spot
- Change timing eg 3/4 time, 4/4 time etc
- Change timing ^ at particular spot
- Be able to upload custom instrument sounds
- Save use created tabs to local storage
- Save tabs to PDFs
- Potentially create a backend so users can register and save multile tabs to their account

Commit message:

Fixed a bug
When placing notes, it wasn't properly checking if there was already a note there, the code is now fixed preventing you from placing multiple notes in the same spot.

README.md, after:

# Guitar Tab Writer

TODO Write this

## Controls

| Button              | Action                                         |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| Left Click          | Select note                                    |
| Arrow Up            | Increase fret on selected note                 |
| Arrow Down          | Decrease fret on selected note                 |
| Arrow Left          | Set beat of selected note to previous          |
| Arrow Right         | Set beat of selected note to next              |
| Shift + Arrow Up    | Change string of selected note to above string |
| Shift + Arrow Down  | Change string of selected note to below string |
| Ctrl + Arrow Right  | Select next note                               |
| Ctrl + Arrow Left   | Select previous note                           |
| Enter               | Play selected note                             |
| Delete \| Backspace | Remove selected note (Not yet implemented)     |
| Ctrl+Z              | Undo last change (Not yet implemented)         |

Features
TODO Add the following features

- Re style
- Adjust sizing for mobile users

- Add ability to change strings on pending notes
- Add progress line that runs through the tab (hovers over the note that its playing)
- Add bends and slides (probably by using a library to adjust audio pitch and adjusting it over a period of time to create a bend effect, this would also make it so you only need one sound per instrument and can edit it in realtime to create any pitch)
- Add more instruments
- Change BPM at a particular spot
- Change timing eg 3/4 time, 4/4 time etc
- Change timing ^ at particular spot
- Be able to upload custom instrument sounds
- Save use created tabs to local storage
- Save tabs to PDFs
- Potentially create a backend so users can register and save multile tabs to their account
